Acid burns holes in wool cloth. Fairy tales should be fun to write. Eight miles of woodland burned to waste. The third act was dull and tired the players. A young child should not suffer fright. Add the column and put the sum here. We admire and love a good cook. There the flood mark is ten inches. He carved a head from the round block of marble. She has a smart way of wearing clothes.

The fruit of a fig tree is apple shaped. Corn cobs can be used to kindle a fire. Where were they when the noise started. The paper box is full of thumb tacks. Sell your gift to a buyer at a good gain. The tongs lay beside the ice pail. The petals fall with the next puff of wind. Bring your best compass to the third class. They could laugh although they were sad. Farmers came in to thresh the oat crop.

The brown house was on fire to the attic. The lure is used to catch trout and flounder. Float the soap on top of the bath water. A blue crane is a tall wading bird. A fresh start will work such wonders. The club rented the rink for the fifth night. After the dance, they went straight home. The hostess taught the new maid to serve. He wrote his last novel there at the inn. Even the worst will beat his low score.

The cement had dried when he moved it. The loss of the second ship was hard to take. The fly made its way along the wall. Do that with a wooden stick. Live wires should be kept covered. The large house had hot water taps. It is hard to erase blue or red ink. Write at once or you may forget it. The doorknob was made of bright clean brass. The wreck occurred by the bank on Main Street.

A pencil with black lead writes best. Coax a young calf to drink from a bucket. Schools for ladies teach charm and grace. The lamp shone with a steady green flame. They took the axe and the saw to the forest. The ancient coin was quite dull and worn. The shaky barn fell with a loud crash. Jazz and swing fans like fast music. Rake the rubbish up and then burn it. Slash the gold cloth into fine ribbons.

Try to have the court decide the case. They are pushed back each time they attack. He broke his ties with groups of former friends. They floated on the raft to sun their white backs. The map had an X that meant nothing. Whitings are small fish caught in nets. Some ads serve to cheat buyers. Jerk the rope and the bell rings weakly. A waxed floor makes us lose balance. Madam, this is the best brand of corn.

On the islands the sea breeze is soft and mild. The play began as soon as we sat down. This will lead the world to more sound and fury. Add salt before you fry the egg. The rush for funds reached its peak Tuesday. The birch looked stark white and lonesome. The box is held by a bright red snapper. To make pure ice, you freeze water. The first worm gets snapped early. Jump the fence and hurry up the bank.

Yell and clap as the curtain slides back. They are men who walk the middle of the road. Both brothers wear the same size. In some form or other we need fun. The prince ordered his head chopped off. The houses are built of red clay bricks. Ducks fly north but lack a compass. Fruit flavors are used in fizz drinks. These pills do less good than others. Canned pears lack full flavor.

The dark pot hung in the front closet. Carry the pail to the wall and spill it there. The train brought our hero to the big town. We are sure that one war is enough. Gray paint stretched for miles around. The rude laugh filled the empty room. High seats are best for football fans. Tea served from the brown jug is tasty. A dash of pepper spoils beef stew. A zestful food is the hot-cross bun.

The horse trotted around the field at a brisk pace. Find the twin who stole the pearl necklace. Cut the cord that binds the box tightly. The red tape bound the smuggled food. Look in the corner to find the tan shirt. The cold drizzle will halt the bond drive. Nine men were hired to dig the ruins. The junk yard had a mouldy smell. The flint sputtered and lit a pine torch. Soak the cloth and drown the sharp odor.

The shelves were bare of both jam or crackers. A joy to every child is the swan boat. All sat frozen and watched the screen. A cloud of dust stung his tender eyes. To reach the end he needs much courage. Shape the clay gently into block form. A ridge on a smooth surface is a bump or flaw. Hedge apples may stain your hands green. Quench your thirst, then eat the crackers. Tight curls get limp on rainy days.

The mute muffled the high tones of the horn. The gold ring fits only a pierced ear. The old pan was covered with hard fudge. Watch the log float in the wide river. The node on the stalk of wheat grew daily. The heap of fallen leaves was set on fire. Write fast if you want to finish early. His shirt was clean but one button was gone. The barrel of beer was a brew of malt and hops. Tin cans are absent from store shelves.

Slide the box into that empty space. The plant grew large and green in the window. The beam dropped down on the workman's head. Pink clouds floated with the breeze. She danced like a swan, tall and graceful. The tube was blown and the tire flat and useless. It is late morning on the old wall clock. Let's all join as we sing the last chorus. The last switch cannot be turned off. The fight will end in just six minutes.

The store walls were lined with colored frocks. The peace league met to discuss their plans. The rise to fame of a person takes luck. Paper is scarce, so write with much care. The quick fox jumped on the sleeping cat. The nozzle of the fire hose was bright brass. Screw the round cap on as tight as needed. Time brings us many changes. The purple tie was ten years old. Men think and plan and sometimes act.

Fill the ink jar with sticky glue. He smoke a big pipe with strong contents. We need grain to keep our mules healthy. Pack the records in a neat thin case. The crunch of feet in the snow was the only sound. The copper bowl shone in the sun's rays. Boards will warp unless kept dry. The plush chair leaned against the wall. Glass will clink when struck by metal. Bathe and relax in the cool green grass.

Nine rows of soldiers stood in a line. The beach is dry and shallow at low tide. The idea is to sew both edges straight. The kitten chased the dog down the street. Pages bound in cloth make a book. Try to trace the fine lines of the painting. Women form less than half of the group. The zones merge in the central part of town. A gem in the rough needs work to polish. Code is used when secrets are sent.

Most of the news is easy for us to hear. He used the lathe to make brass objects. The vane on top of the pole revolved in the wind. Mince pie is a dish served to children. The clan gathered on each dull night. Let it burn, it gives us warmth and comfort. A castle built from sand fails to endure. A child's wit saved the day for us. Tack the strip of carpet to the worn floor. Next Tuesday we must vote.

Pour the stew from the pot into the plate. Each penny shone like new. The man went to the woods to gather sticks. The dirt piles were lines along the road. The logs fell and tumbled into the clear stream. Just hoist it up and take it away. A ripe plum is fit for a king's palate. Our plans right now are hazy. Brass rings are sold by these natives. It takes a good trap to capture a bear. 