Feed the white mouse some flower seeds. The thaw came early and freed the stream. He took the lead and kept it the whole distance. The key you designed will fit the lock. Plead to the council to free the poor thief. Better hash is made of rare beef. This plank was made for walking on . The lake sparkled in the red hot sun. He crawled with care along the ledge. Tend the sheep while the dog wanders.

It takes a lot of help to finish these. Mark the spot with a sign painted red. Take two shares as a fair profit. The fur of cats goes by many names. North winds bring colds and fevers. He asks no person to vouch for him. Go now and come here later. A sash of gold silk will trim her dress. Soap can wash most dirt away. That move means the game is over.

He wrote down a long list of items. A siege will crack the strong defense. Grape juice and water mix well. Roads are paved with sticky tar. Fake stones shine but cost little. The drip of the rain made a pleasant sound. Smoke poured out of every crack. Serve the hot rum to the tired heroes. Much of the story makes good sense. The sun came up to light the eastern sky.

Heave the line over the port side. A lathe cuts and trims any wood. It's a dense crowd in two distinct ways. His hip struck the knee of the next player. The stale smell of old beer lingers. The desk was firm on the shaky floor. It takes heat to bring out the odor. Beef is scarcer than some lamb. Raise the sail and steer the ship northward. A cone costs five cents on Mondays.

A pod is what peas always grow in. Jerk that dart from the cork target. No cement will hold hard wood. We now have a new base for shipping. A list of names is carved around the base. The sheep were led home by a dog. Three for a dime, the young peddler cried. The sense of smell is better than that of touch. No hardship seemed to make him sad. Grace makes up for lack of beauty.

Nudge gently but wake her now. The news struck doubt into restless minds. Once we stood beside the shore. A chink in the wall allowed a draft to blow. Fasten two pins on each side. A cold dip restores health and zest. He takes the oath of office each March. The sand drifts over the sills of the old house. The point of the steel pen was bent and twisted. There is a lag between thought and act.

Seed is needed to plant the spring corn. Draw the chart with heavy black lines. The boy owed his pal thirty cents. The chap slipped into the crowd and was lost. Hats are worn to tea and not to dinner. The ramp led up to the wide highway. Beat the dust from the rug onto the lawn. Say it slowly but make it ring clear. The straw nest housed five robins. Screen the porch with woven straw mats.

This horse will nose his way to the finish. The dry wax protects the deep scratch. He picked up the dice for a second roll. These coins will be needed to pay his debt. The nag pulled the frail cart along. Twist the valve and release hot steam. The vamp of the shoe had a gold buckle. The smell of burned rags itches my nose. New pants lack cuffs and pockets. The marsh will freeze when cold enough.

They slice the sausage thin with a knife. The bloom of the rose lasts a few days. A gray mare walked before the colt. Breakfast buns are fine with a hot drink. Bottles hold four kinds of rum. The man wore a feather in his felt hat. He wheeled the bike past the winding road. Drop the ashes on the worn old rug. The desk and both chairs were painted tan. Throw out the used paper cup and plate.

A clean neck means a neat collar. The couch cover and hall drapes were blue. The stems of the tall glasses cracked and broke. The wall phone rang loud and often. The clothes dried on a thin wooden rack. Turn out the lantern which gives us light. The cleat sank deeply into the soft turf. The bills were mailed promptly on the tenth of the month. To have is better than to wait and hope. The price is fair for a good antique clock.

The music played on while they talked. Dispense with a vest on a day like this. The bunch of grapes was pressed into wine. He sent the figs, but kept the ripe cherries. The hinge on the door creaked with old age. The screen before the fire kept in the sparks. Fly by night and you waste little time. Thick glasses helped him read the print. Birth and death marks the limits of life. The chair looked strong but had no bottom.

The kite flew wildly in the high wind. A fur muff is stylish once more. The tin box held priceless stones. We need an end of all such matter. The case was puzzling to the old and wise. The bright lanterns were gay on the dark lawn. We don't get much money but we have fun. The youth drove with zest, but little skill. Five years he lived with a shaggy dog. A fence cuts through the corner lot.

The way to save money is not to spend much. Shut the hatch before the waves push it in. The odor of spring makes young hearts jump. Crack the walnut with your sharp side teeth. He offered proof in the form of a large chart. Send the stuff in a thick paper bag. A quart of milk is water for the most part. They told wild tales to frighten him. The three story house was built of stone. In the rear of the ground floor was a large passage.

A man in a blue sweater sat at the desk. Oats are a food eaten by horse and man. Their eyelids droop for want of sleep. A sip of tea revives his tired friend. There are many ways to do these things. Tuck the sheet under the edge of the mat. A force equal to that would move the earth. We like to see clear weather. The work of the tailor is seen on each side. Take a chance and win a china doll.

Shake the dust from your shoes, stranger. She was kind to sick old people. The square wooden crate was packed to be shipped. The dusty bench stood by the stone wall. We dress to suit the weather of most days. Smile when you say nasty words. A bowl of rice is free with chicken stew. The water in this well is a source of good health. Take shelter in this tent, but keep still. That guy is the writer of a few banned books.

The little tales they tell are false. The door was barred, locked, and bolted as well. Ripe pears are fit for a queen's table. A big wet stain was on the round carpet. The kite dipped and swayed, but stayed aloft. The pleasant hours fly by much too soon. The room was crowded with a wild mob. This strong arm shall shield your honor. She blushed when he gave her a white orchid. The beetle droned in the hot June sun.

Press the pedal with your left foot. Neat plans fail without luck. The black trunk fell from the landing. The bank pressed for payment of the debt. The theft of the pearl pin was kept secret. Shake hands with this friendly child. The vast space stretched into the far distance. A rich farm is rare in this sandy waste. His wide grin earned many friends. Flax makes a fine brand of paper.

Hurdle the pit with the aid of a long pole. A strong bid may scare your partner stiff. Even a just cause needs power to win. Peep under the tent and see the clowns. The leaf drifts along with a slow spin. Cheap clothes are flashy but don't last. A thing of small note can cause despair. Flood the mails with requests for this book. A thick coat of black paint covered all. The pencil was cut to be sharp at both ends. 